Clarified Sui Move as dialect instead of subset (#6914)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/move/index.md

to following the Sui tutorial, which we strived to make self-contained.
Further, Sui does differ in some ways from Move, which we explore here.

> In Sui, Move is used to define, create, and manage programmable [Sui objects](../objects.md) representing user-level assets.  Sui
> imposes additional restrictions on code written in
> Move, creating a dialect of Move (a.k.a. *Sui Move*) that

Reviewer: Trying to add a more additive flair to this wording, thoughts? Maybe something like:
```suggestion
In Sui, Move is used to define, create, and manage programmable [Sui objects](../objects.md) representing user-level assets.  Sui's object system is implemented by adding new functionality to Move while also imposing additional restrictions, creating a dialect of Move (a.k.a. *Sui Move*) that
```

Reviewer: Just saw @sblackshear's comment so maybe it's not critical to worry about the wording at this point in time

Author: I like this. No harm in updating and merging later updates with it. Thanks!
